README.md, before:

# MachineLearning
From linear regression towards neural networks...

### Rationale

I've seen plenty of misconceptions about neural networks on some reddit groups and on some forums and although the subject is dealt a lot all over internet, I intend to add here some code starting from linear regression and going towards neural networks, from 'zero' (using Eigen for linear algebra probably, but not some machine learning library). Obviously I won't touch a lot of other machine learning subjects, despite being important, there are simply too many of them to cover a significant part of them.

Maybe I won't touch here something related directly with physics, but since data analysis is important to physics, too, I added this repository here along with the other physics-related ones.

Neural networks are in fashion nowadays, but of course the best method might not be a neural network, it depends on the data involved. Domain knowledge is very important and depending on the subject, it can lead to better algorithms than simply blindly using something that's in fashion.

See for example how this competition (physics related) was won: https://www.kaggle.com/competitions/trackml-particle-identification

Commit message:

Added comment in README.md that it's work in progress and it might not work

README.md, after:

# MachineLearning
From linear regression towards neural networks...

In progress... might be broken/not yet functional!

### Rationale

I've seen plenty of misconceptions about neural networks on some reddit groups and on some forums and although the subject is dealt a lot all over internet, I intend to add here some code starting from linear regression and going towards neural networks, from 'zero' (using Eigen for linear algebra probably, but not some machine learning library). Obviously I won't touch a lot of other machine learning subjects, despite being important, there are simply too many of them to cover a significant part of them.

Maybe I won't touch here something related directly with physics, but since data analysis is important to physics, too, I added this repository here along with the other physics-related ones.

Neural networks are in fashion nowadays, but of course the best method might not be a neural network, it depends on the data involved. Domain knowledge is very important and depending on the subject, it can lead to better algorithms than simply blindly using something that's in fashion.

See for example how this competition (physics related) was won: https://www.kaggle.com/competitions/trackml-particle-identification
